c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\NHibernate.Caches.SysCache.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.pdb
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\victor\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\NHibernate.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\victor\Desktop\curso_asp.net\Correcoes_LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.pdb
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.pdb
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.pdb
C:\Users\aspnet4025\Desktop\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\LojaWeb.pdb
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.dll
C:\Users\HP\Documents\csharp\2014-01-31\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\LojaWeb\obj\Debug\LojaWeb.pdb
